1.  Life is about making an impact, not making an income. Kevin Kruse
2. Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. Napoleon Hill
3. Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. Albert Einstein
4. Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.  Robert Frost
5. I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. Florence Nightingale
6. You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take. Wayne Gretzky
7. I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. Michael Jordan
8. The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. Amelia Earhart
9. Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. Babe Ruth
10. Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. W. Clement Stone
11. Life isn't about getting and having, it's about giving and being. Kevin Kruse
12. Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans. John Lennon
13. We become what we think about. Earl Nightingale
14.Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails.  Explore, Dream, Discover. Mark Twain
15.Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. Charles Swindoll
16. The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any. Alice Walker
17. The mind is everything. What you think you become.  Buddha
18. The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. Chinese Proverb
19. An unexamined life is not worth living. Socrates
20. Eighty percent of success is showing up. Woody Allen
21. Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Steve Jobs
22. Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is. Vince Lombardi
23. I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. Stephen Covey
24. Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. Pablo Picasso
25. You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. Christopher Columbus
26. I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. Maya Angelou
27. Either you run the day, or the day runs you. Jim Rohn
28. Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right. Henry Ford
29. The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. Mark Twain
30. Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it.  Boldness has genius, power and magic in it. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
31. The best revenge is massive success. Frank Sinatra
32. People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing.  That’s why we recommend it daily. Zig Ziglar
33. Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. Anais Nin